README.md, before:

# My LeetCode Solutions

| # | Title | Solution | Difficulty |
|---| ----- | -------- | ---------- |
|2136|[Earliest Possible Day of Full Bloom](https://leetcode.com/problems/earliest-possible-day-of-full-bloom/) | [Java](./java/earliestPossibleDayOfFullBloom/EarliestPossibleDayOfFullBloom.java)|Hard|
|49|[Group Anagrams](https://leetcode.com/problems/group-anagrams/) | [Java](./java/groupAnagrams/GroupAnagrams.java)|Medium|
|835|[Image Overlap](https://leetcode.com/problems/image-overlap/) | [Java](./java/imageOverlap/ImageOverlap.java)|Medium|
|523|[Continuous Subarray Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/continuous-subarray-sum/) | [Java](./java/continuousSubarraySum/ContinuousSubarraySum.java)|Medium|
|1662|[Check If Two String Arrays are Equivalent](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-two-string-arrays-are-equivalent/) | [Java](./java/checkIfTwoStringArraysAreEquivalent/CheckIfTwoStringArraysAreEquivalent.java)|Easy|
|1239|[Maximum Length of a Concatenated String with Unique Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-length-of-a-concatenated-string-with-unique-characters/) | [Java](./java/maximumLengthOfAConcatenatedStringWithUniqueCharacters/MaximumLengthOfAConcatenatedStringWithUniqueCharacters.java)|Medium|
|645|[Set Mismatch](https://leetcode.com/problems/set-mismatch/) | [Java](./java/setMismatch/SetMismatch.java)|Easy|
|76|[Minimum Window Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-window-substring/) | [Java](./java/minimumWindowSubstring/MinimumWindowSubstring.java)|Hard|
|20|[Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/) | [Go](./go/validParentheses/ValidParentheses.go)|Easy|
|26|[Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/) | [Go](./go/removeDuplicatesFromSortedArray/RemoveDuplicatesFromSortedArray.go)|Easy|
|219|[Contains Duplicate II](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate-ii/) | [Java](./java/containsDuplicateIi/ContainsDuplicateIi.java)|Easy|
|12|[Integer to Roman](https://leetcode.com/problems/integer-to-roman/) | [Java](./java/integerToRoman/IntegerToRoman.java)|Medium|
|692|[Top K Frequent Words](https://leetcode.com/problems/top-k-frequent-words/) | [Java](./java/topKFrequentWords/TopKFrequentWords.java)|Medium|
|38|[Count and Say](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-and-say/) | [Java](./java/countAndSay/CountAndSay.java)|Medium|
|1832|[Check if the Sentence Is Pangram](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-the-sentence-is-pangram/) | [Java](./java/checkIfTheSentenceIsPangram/CheckIfTheSentenceIsPangram.java)|Easy|
|1335|[Minimum Difficulty of a Job Schedule](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-difficulty-of-a-job-schedule/) | [Java](./java/minimumDifficultyOfAJobSchedule/MinimumDifficultyOfAJobSchedule.java)|Hard|
|1531|[String Compression II](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-compression-ii/) | [Java](./java/stringCompressionIi/StringCompressionIi.java)|Hard|
|2095|[Delete the Middle Node of a Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-the-middle-node-of-a-linked-list/) | [Java](./java/deleteTheMiddleNodeOfALinkedList/DeleteTheMiddleNodeOfALinkedList.java)|Medium|
|237|[Delete Node in a Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-node-in-a-linked-list/) | [Java](./java/deleteNodeInALinkedList/DeleteNodeInALinkedList.java)|Medium|
|976|[Largest Perimeter Triangle](https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-perimeter-triangle/) | [Java](./java/largestPerimeterTriangle/LargestPerimeterTriangle.java)|Easy|
|334|[Increasing Triplet Subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/increasing-triplet-subsequence/) | [Java](./java/increasingTripletSubsequence/IncreasingTripletSubsequence.java)|Medium|
|1328|[Break a Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/break-a-palindrome/) | [Java](./java/breakAPalindrome/BreakAPalindrome.java)|Medium|
|2435|[Paths in Matrix Whose Sum Is Divisible by K](https://leetcode.com/problems/paths-in-matrix-whose-sum-is-divisible-by-k/) | [Java](./java/pathsInMatrixWhoseSumIsDivisibleByK/PathsInMatrixWhoseSumIsDivisibleByK.java)|Hard|
|2434|[Using a Robot to Print the Lexicographically Smallest String](https://leetcode.com/problems/using-a-robot-to-print-the-lexicographically-smallest-string/) | [Java](./java/usingARobotToPrintTheLexicographicallySmallestString/UsingARobotToPrintTheLexicographicallySmallestString.java)|Medium|
|2433|[Find The Original Array of Prefix Xor](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-original-array-of-prefix-xor/) | [Java](./java/findTheOriginalArrayOfPrefixXor/FindTheOriginalArrayOfPrefixXor.java)|Medium|
|2432|[The Employee That Worked on the Longest Task](https://leetcode.com/problems/the-employee-that-worked-on-the-longest-task/) | [Java](./java/theEmployeeThatWorkedOnTheLongestTask/TheEmployeeThatWorkedOnTheLongestTask.java)|Easy|
|653|[Two Sum IV - Input is a BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-iv-input-is-a-bst/) | [Java](./java/twoSumIvInputIsABst/TwoSumIvInputIsABst.java)|Easy|
|16|[3Sum Closest](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum-closest/) | [Java](./java/3sumClosest/3sumClosest.java)|Medium|
|732|[My Calendar III](https://leetcode.com/problems/my-calendar-iii/) | [Java](./java/myCalendarIii/MyCalendarIii.java)|Hard|
|981|[Time Based Key-Value Store](https://leetcode.com/problems/time-based-key-value-store/) | [Java](./java/timeBasedKeyValueStore/TimeBasedKeyValueStore.java)|Medium|
|623|[Add One Row to Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-one-row-to-tree/) | [Java](./java/addOneRowToTree/AddOneRowToTree.java)|Medium|
|112|[Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum/) | [Java](./java/pathSum/PathSum.java)|Easy|
|1578|[Minimum Time to Make Rope Colorful](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-time-to-make-rope-colorful/) | [Java](./java/minimumTimeToMakeRopeColorful/MinimumTimeToMakeRopeColorful.java)|Medium
|437|[Path Sum III](https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum-iii/) | [Java](./java/pathSumIii/PathSumIii.java)|Medium|
|1155|[Number of Dice Rolls With Target Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-dice-rolls-with-target-sum/) | [Java](./java/numberOfDiceRollsWithTargetSum/NumberOfDiceRollsWithTargetSum.java)|Medium|
|543|[Diameter of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/diameter-of-binary-tree/) | [Java](./java/diameterOfBinaryTree/DiameterOfBinaryTree.java)|Easy|
|1084|[Sales Analysis III](https://leetcode.com/problems/sales-analysis-iii/) | [MySQL](./mysql/salesAnalysisIii/SalesAnalysisIii.sql)|Easy|
|1587|[Bank Account Summary II](https://leetcode.com/problems/bank-account-summary-ii/) | [MySQL](./mysql/bankAccountSummaryIi/BankAccountSummaryIi.sql)|Easy|
|1050|[Actors and Directors Who Cooperated At Least Three Times](https://leetcode.com/problems/actors-and-directors-who-cooperated-at-least-three-times/) | [MySQL](./mysql/actorsAndDirectorsWhoCooperatedAtLeastThreeTimes/ActorsAndDirectorsWhoCooperatedAtLeastThreeTimes.sql)|Easy|
|2429|[Minimize XOR](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimize-xor/) | [Java](./java/minimizeXor/MinimizeXor.java)|Medium|
|182|[Duplicate Emails](https://leetcode.com/problems/duplicate-emails/) | [MySQL](./mysql/duplicateEmails/DuplicateEmails.sql)|Easy|
|2428|[Maximum Sum of an Hourglass](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-sum-of-an-hourglass/) | [Java](./java/maximumSumOfAnHourglass/MaximumSumOfAnHourglass.java)|Medium|
|2427|[Number of Common Factors](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-common-factors/) | [Java](./java/numberOfCommonFactors/NumberOfCommonFactors.java)|Easy|
|1158|[Market Analysis I](https://leetcode.com/problems/market-analysis-i/) | [MySQL](./mysql/marketAnalysisI/MarketAnalysisI.sql)|Medium|
|1407|[Top Travellers](https://leetcode.com/problems/top-travellers/) | [MySQL](./mysql/topTravellers/TopTravellers.sql)|Easy|
|1393|[Capital Gain/Loss](https://leetcode.com/problems/capital-gainloss/) | [MySQL](./mysql/capitalGainloss/CapitalGainloss.sql)|Medium|
|91|[Decode Ways](https://leetcode.com/problems/decode-ways/) | [Java](./java/decodeWays/DecodeWays.java)|Medium|
|1567|[Maximum Length of Subarray With Positive Product](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-length-of-subarray-with-positive-product/) | [Java](./java/maximumLengthOfSubarrayWithPositiveProduct/MaximumLengthOfSubarrayWithPositiveProduct.java)|Medium|
|152|[Maximum Product Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-product-subarray/) | [Java](./java/maximumProductSubarray/MaximumProductSubarray.java)|Medium|
|110|[Balanced Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/balanced-binary-tree/) | [Java](./java/balancedBinaryTree/BalancedBinaryTree.java)|Easy|
|226|[Invert Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree/) | [Java](./java/invertBinaryTree/InvertBinaryTree.java)|Easy|
|621|[Task Scheduler](https://leetcode.com/problems/task-scheduler/) | [Java](./java/taskScheduler/TaskScheduler.java)|Medium|
|2131|[Longest Palindrome by Concatenating Two Letter Words](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindrome-by-concatenating-two-letter-words/) | [Java](./java/longestPalindromeByConcatenatingTwoLetterWords/LongestPalindromeByConcatenatingTwoLetterWords.java)|Medium|
|148|[Sort List](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-list/) | [Java](./java/sortList/SortList.java)|Medium|
|1741|[Find Total Time Spent by Each Employee](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-total-time-spent-by-each-employee/) | [MySQL](./mysql/findTotalTimeSpentByEachEmployee/FindTotalTimeSpentByEachEmployee.sql)|Easy|
|1890|[The Latest Login in 2020](https://leetcode.com/problems/the-latest-login-in-2020/) | [MySQL](./mysql/theLatestLoginIn2020/TheLatestLoginIn2020.sql)|Easy|
|511|[Game Play Analysis I](https://leetcode.com/problems/game-play-analysis-i/) | [MySQL](./mysql/gamePlayAnalysisI/GamePlayAnalysisI.sql)|Easy|
|586|[Customer Placing the Largest Number of Orders](https://leetcode.com/problems/customer-placing-the-largest-number-of-orders/) | [MySQL](./mysql/customerPlacingTheLargestNumberOfOrders/CustomerPlacingTheLargestNumberOfOrders.sql)|Easy|
|1729|[Find Followers Count](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-followers-count/) | [MySQL](./mysql/findFollowersCount/FindFollowersCount.sql)|Easy|
|1693|[Daily Leads and Partners](https://leetcode.com/problems/daily-leads-and-partners/) | [MySQL](./mysql/dailyLeadsAndPartners/DailyLeadsAndPartners.sql)|Easy|
|1141|[User Activity for the Past 30 Days I](https://leetcode.com/problems/user-activity-for-the-past-30-days-i/) | [MySQL](./mysql/userActivityForThePast30DaysI/UserActivityForThePast30DaysI.sql)|Easy|
|197|[Rising Temperature](https://leetcode.com/problems/rising-temperature/) | [MySQL](./mysql/risingTemperature/RisingTemperature.sql)|Easy|
|328|[Odd Even Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/odd-even-linked-list/) | [Java](./java/oddEvenLinkedList/OddEvenLinkedList.java)|Medium|
|918|[Maximum Sum Circular Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-sum-circular-subarray/) | [Java](./java/maximumSumCircularSubarray/MaximumSumCircularSubarray.java)|Medium|
|53|[Maximum Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/) | [Java](./java/maximumSubarray/MaximumSubarray.java)|Medium|
|197|[Rising Temperature](https://leetcode.com/problems/rising-temperature/) | [MySQL](./mysql/risingTemperature/RisingTemperature.sql)|Easy|
|607|[Sales Person](https://leetcode.com/problems/sales-person/) | [MySQL](./mysql/salesPerson/SalesPerson.sql)|Easy|
|45|[Jump Game II](https://leetcode.com/problems/jump-game-ii/) | [Java](./java/jumpGameIi/JumpGameIi.java)|Medium|
|55|[Jump Game](https://leetcode.com/problems/jump-game/) | [Java](./java/jumpGame/JumpGame.java)|Medium|
|234|[Palindrome Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/) | [Java](./java/palindromeLinkedList/PalindromeLinkedList.java)|Easy|
|19|[Remove Nth Node From End of List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/) | [Java](./java/removeNthNodeFromEndOfList/RemoveNthNodeFromEndOfList.java)|Medium|
|1148|[Article Views I](https://leetcode.com/problems/article-views-i/) | [MySQL](./mysql/articleViewsI/ArticleViewsI.sql)|Easy|
|1581|[Customer Who Visited but Did Not Make Any Transactions](https://leetcode.com/problems/customer-who-visited-but-did-not-make-any-transactions/) | [MySQL](./mysql/customerWhoVisitedButDidNotMakeAnyTransactions/CustomerWhoVisitedButDidNotMakeAnyTransactions.sql)|Easy|
|175|[Combine Two Tables](https://leetcode.com/problems/combine-two-tables/) | [MySQL](./mysql/combineTwoTables/CombineTwoTables.sql)|Easy|
|13|[Roman to Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/) | [Java](./java/romanToInteger/RomanToInteger.java)|Easy|
|9|[Palindrome Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/) | [Java](./java/palindromeNumber/PalindromeNumber.java)|Easy|
|43|[Multiply Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/multiply-strings/) | [Java](./java/multiplyStrings/MultiplyStrings.java)|Medium|
|14|[Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/) | [Java](./java/longestCommonPrefix/LongestCommonPrefix.java)|Easy|
|740|[Delete and Earn](https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-and-earn/) | [Java](./java/deleteAndEarn/DeleteAndEarn.java)|Medium|
|213|[House Robber II](https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber-ii/) | [Java](./java/houseRobberIi/HouseRobberIi.java)|Medium|
|198|[House Robber](https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber/) | [Java](./java/houseRobber/HouseRobber.java)|Medium|
|176|[Second Highest Salary](https://leetcode.com/problems/second-highest-salary/) | [MySQL](./mysql/secondHighestSalary/SecondHighestSalary.sql)|Medium|
|608|[Tree Node](https://leetcode.com/problems/tree-node/) | [MySQL](./mysql/treeNode/TreeNode.sql)|Medium|
|1706|[Where Will the Ball Fall](https://leetcode.com/problems/where-will-the-ball-fall/) | [C++](./c++/whereWillTheBallFall/WhereWillTheBallFall.cpp)|Medium|
|54|[Spiral Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix/) | [C++](./c++/spiralMatrix/SpiralMatrix.cpp)|Medium|
|202|[Happy Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/happy-number/) | [C++](./c++/happyNumber/HappyNumber.cpp)|Easy|
|746|[Min Cost Climbing Stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/min-cost-climbing-stairs/) | [C++](./c++/minCostClimbingStairs/MinCostClimbingStairs.cpp)|Easy|
|542|[01 Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/01-matrix/) | [Python](./python/01Matrix/01Matrix.py)|Medium|
|2420|[Find All Good Indices](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-good-indices/) | [Python](./python/findAllGoodIndices/FindAllGoodIndices.py)|Medium|
|1|[Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) | [Python](./python/twoSum/TwoSum.py)|Easy|

Commit message:

New Problem Solution - "1293. Shortest Path in a Grid with Obstacles Elimination"

README.md, after:

# My LeetCode Solutions

| # | Title | Solution | Difficulty |
|---| ----- | -------- | ---------- |
|1293|[Shortest Path in a Grid with Obstacles Elimination](https://leetcode.com/problems/shortest-path-in-a-grid-with-obstacles-elimination/) | [Java](./java/shortestPathInAGridWithObstaclesElimination/ShortestPathInAGridWithObstaclesElimination.java)|Hard|
|2136|[Earliest Possible Day of Full Bloom](https://leetcode.com/problems/earliest-possible-day-of-full-bloom/) | [Java](./java/earliestPossibleDayOfFullBloom/EarliestPossibleDayOfFullBloom.java)|Hard|
|49|[Group Anagrams](https://leetcode.com/problems/group-anagrams/) | [Java](./java/groupAnagrams/GroupAnagrams.java)|Medium|
|835|[Image Overlap](https://leetcode.com/problems/image-overlap/) | [Java](./java/imageOverlap/ImageOverlap.java)|Medium|
|523|[Continuous Subarray Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/continuous-subarray-sum/) | [Java](./java/continuousSubarraySum/ContinuousSubarraySum.java)|Medium|
|1662|[Check If Two String Arrays are Equivalent](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-two-string-arrays-are-equivalent/) | [Java](./java/checkIfTwoStringArraysAreEquivalent/CheckIfTwoStringArraysAreEquivalent.java)|Easy|
|1239|[Maximum Length of a Concatenated String with Unique Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-length-of-a-concatenated-string-with-unique-characters/) | [Java](./java/maximumLengthOfAConcatenatedStringWithUniqueCharacters/MaximumLengthOfAConcatenatedStringWithUniqueCharacters.java)|Medium|
|645|[Set Mismatch](https://leetcode.com/problems/set-mismatch/) | [Java](./java/setMismatch/SetMismatch.java)|Easy|
|76|[Minimum Window Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-window-substring/) | [Java](./java/minimumWindowSubstring/MinimumWindowSubstring.java)|Hard|
|20|[Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/) | [Go](./go/validParentheses/ValidParentheses.go)|Easy|
|26|[Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/) | [Go](./go/removeDuplicatesFromSortedArray/RemoveDuplicatesFromSortedArray.go)|Easy|
|219|[Contains Duplicate II](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate-ii/) | [Java](./java/containsDuplicateIi/ContainsDuplicateIi.java)|Easy|
|12|[Integer to Roman](https://leetcode.com/problems/integer-to-roman/) | [Java](./java/integerToRoman/IntegerToRoman.java)|Medium|
|692|[Top K Frequent Words](https://leetcode.com/problems/top-k-frequent-words/) | [Java](./java/topKFrequentWords/TopKFrequentWords.java)|Medium|
|38|[Count and Say](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-and-say/) | [Java](./java/countAndSay/CountAndSay.java)|Medium|
|1832|[Check if the Sentence Is Pangram](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-the-sentence-is-pangram/) | [Java](./java/checkIfTheSentenceIsPangram/CheckIfTheSentenceIsPangram.java)|Easy|
|1335|[Minimum Difficulty of a Job Schedule](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-difficulty-of-a-job-schedule/) | [Java](./java/minimumDifficultyOfAJobSchedule/MinimumDifficultyOfAJobSchedule.java)|Hard|
|1531|[String Compression II](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-compression-ii/) | [Java](./java/stringCompressionIi/StringCompressionIi.java)|Hard|
|2095|[Delete the Middle Node of a Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-the-middle-node-of-a-linked-list/) | [Java](./java/deleteTheMiddleNodeOfALinkedList/DeleteTheMiddleNodeOfALinkedList.java)|Medium|
|237|[Delete Node in a Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-node-in-a-linked-list/) | [Java](./java/deleteNodeInALinkedList/DeleteNodeInALinkedList.java)|Medium|
|976|[Largest Perimeter Triangle](https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-perimeter-triangle/) | [Java](./java/largestPerimeterTriangle/LargestPerimeterTriangle.java)|Easy|
|334|[Increasing Triplet Subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/increasing-triplet-subsequence/) | [Java](./java/increasingTripletSubsequence/IncreasingTripletSubsequence.java)|Medium|
|1328|[Break a Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/break-a-palindrome/) | [Java](./java/breakAPalindrome/BreakAPalindrome.java)|Medium|
|2435|[Paths in Matrix Whose Sum Is Divisible by K](https://leetcode.com/problems/paths-in-matrix-whose-sum-is-divisible-by-k/) | [Java](./java/pathsInMatrixWhoseSumIsDivisibleByK/PathsInMatrixWhoseSumIsDivisibleByK.java)|Hard|
|2434|[Using a Robot to Print the Lexicographically Smallest String](https://leetcode.com/problems/using-a-robot-to-print-the-lexicographically-smallest-string/) | [Java](./java/usingARobotToPrintTheLexicographicallySmallestString/UsingARobotToPrintTheLexicographicallySmallestString.java)|Medium|
|2433|[Find The Original Array of Prefix Xor](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-original-array-of-prefix-xor/) | [Java](./java/findTheOriginalArrayOfPrefixXor/FindTheOriginalArrayOfPrefixXor.java)|Medium|
|2432|[The Employee That Worked on the Longest Task](https://leetcode.com/problems/the-employee-that-worked-on-the-longest-task/) | [Java](./java/theEmployeeThatWorkedOnTheLongestTask/TheEmployeeThatWorkedOnTheLongestTask.java)|Easy|
|653|[Two Sum IV - Input is a BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-iv-input-is-a-bst/) | [Java](./java/twoSumIvInputIsABst/TwoSumIvInputIsABst.java)|Easy|
|16|[3Sum Closest](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum-closest/) | [Java](./java/3sumClosest/3sumClosest.java)|Medium|
|732|[My Calendar III](https://leetcode.com/problems/my-calendar-iii/) | [Java](./java/myCalendarIii/MyCalendarIii.java)|Hard|
|981|[Time Based Key-Value Store](https://leetcode.com/problems/time-based-key-value-store/) | [Java](./java/timeBasedKeyValueStore/TimeBasedKeyValueStore.java)|Medium|
|623|[Add One Row to Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-one-row-to-tree/) | [Java](./java/addOneRowToTree/AddOneRowToTree.java)|Medium|
|112|[Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum/) | [Java](./java/pathSum/PathSum.java)|Easy|
|1578|[Minimum Time to Make Rope Colorful](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-time-to-make-rope-colorful/) | [Java](./java/minimumTimeToMakeRopeColorful/MinimumTimeToMakeRopeColorful.java)|Medium
|437|[Path Sum III](https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum-iii/) | [Java](./java/pathSumIii/PathSumIii.java)|Medium|
|1155|[Number of Dice Rolls With Target Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-dice-rolls-with-target-sum/) | [Java](./java/numberOfDiceRollsWithTargetSum/NumberOfDiceRollsWithTargetSum.java)|Medium|
|543|[Diameter of Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/diameter-of-binary-tree/) | [Java](./java/diameterOfBinaryTree/DiameterOfBinaryTree.java)|Easy|
|1084|[Sales Analysis III](https://leetcode.com/problems/sales-analysis-iii/) | [MySQL](./mysql/salesAnalysisIii/SalesAnalysisIii.sql)|Easy|
|1587|[Bank Account Summary II](https://leetcode.com/problems/bank-account-summary-ii/) | [MySQL](./mysql/bankAccountSummaryIi/BankAccountSummaryIi.sql)|Easy|
|1050|[Actors and Directors Who Cooperated At Least Three Times](https://leetcode.com/problems/actors-and-directors-who-cooperated-at-least-three-times/) | [MySQL](./mysql/actorsAndDirectorsWhoCooperatedAtLeastThreeTimes/ActorsAndDirectorsWhoCooperatedAtLeastThreeTimes.sql)|Easy|
|2429|[Minimize XOR](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimize-xor/) | [Java](./java/minimizeXor/MinimizeXor.java)|Medium|
|182|[Duplicate Emails](https://leetcode.com/problems/duplicate-emails/) | [MySQL](./mysql/duplicateEmails/DuplicateEmails.sql)|Easy|
|2428|[Maximum Sum of an Hourglass](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-sum-of-an-hourglass/) | [Java](./java/maximumSumOfAnHourglass/MaximumSumOfAnHourglass.java)|Medium|
|2427|[Number of Common Factors](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-common-factors/) | [Java](./java/numberOfCommonFactors/NumberOfCommonFactors.java)|Easy|
|1158|[Market Analysis I](https://leetcode.com/problems/market-analysis-i/) | [MySQL](./mysql/marketAnalysisI/MarketAnalysisI.sql)|Medium|
|1407|[Top Travellers](https://leetcode.com/problems/top-travellers/) | [MySQL](./mysql/topTravellers/TopTravellers.sql)|Easy|
|1393|[Capital Gain/Loss](https://leetcode.com/problems/capital-gainloss/) | [MySQL](./mysql/capitalGainloss/CapitalGainloss.sql)|Medium|
|91|[Decode Ways](https://leetcode.com/problems/decode-ways/) | [Java](./java/decodeWays/DecodeWays.java)|Medium|
|1567|[Maximum Length of Subarray With Positive Product](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-length-of-subarray-with-positive-product/) | [Java](./java/maximumLengthOfSubarrayWithPositiveProduct/MaximumLengthOfSubarrayWithPositiveProduct.java)|Medium|
|152|[Maximum Product Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-product-subarray/) | [Java](./java/maximumProductSubarray/MaximumProductSubarray.java)|Medium|
|110|[Balanced Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/balanced-binary-tree/) | [Java](./java/balancedBinaryTree/BalancedBinaryTree.java)|Easy|
|226|[Invert Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree/) | [Java](./java/invertBinaryTree/InvertBinaryTree.java)|Easy|
|621|[Task Scheduler](https://leetcode.com/problems/task-scheduler/) | [Java](./java/taskScheduler/TaskScheduler.java)|Medium|
|2131|[Longest Palindrome by Concatenating Two Letter Words](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindrome-by-concatenating-two-letter-words/) | [Java](./java/longestPalindromeByConcatenatingTwoLetterWords/LongestPalindromeByConcatenatingTwoLetterWords.java)|Medium|
|148|[Sort List](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-list/) | [Java](./java/sortList/SortList.java)|Medium|
|1741|[Find Total Time Spent by Each Employee](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-total-time-spent-by-each-employee/) | [MySQL](./mysql/findTotalTimeSpentByEachEmployee/FindTotalTimeSpentByEachEmployee.sql)|Easy|
|1890|[The Latest Login in 2020](https://leetcode.com/problems/the-latest-login-in-2020/) | [MySQL](./mysql/theLatestLoginIn2020/TheLatestLoginIn2020.sql)|Easy|
|511|[Game Play Analysis I](https://leetcode.com/problems/game-play-analysis-i/) | [MySQL](./mysql/gamePlayAnalysisI/GamePlayAnalysisI.sql)|Easy|
|586|[Customer Placing the Largest Number of Orders](https://leetcode.com/problems/customer-placing-the-largest-number-of-orders/) | [MySQL](./mysql/customerPlacingTheLargestNumberOfOrders/CustomerPlacingTheLargestNumberOfOrders.sql)|Easy|
|1729|[Find Followers Count](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-followers-count/) | [MySQL](./mysql/findFollowersCount/FindFollowersCount.sql)|Easy|
|1693|[Daily Leads and Partners](https://leetcode.com/problems/daily-leads-and-partners/) | [MySQL](./mysql/dailyLeadsAndPartners/DailyLeadsAndPartners.sql)|Easy|
|1141|[User Activity for the Past 30 Days I](https://leetcode.com/problems/user-activity-for-the-past-30-days-i/) | [MySQL](./mysql/userActivityForThePast30DaysI/UserActivityForThePast30DaysI.sql)|Easy|
|197|[Rising Temperature](https://leetcode.com/problems/rising-temperature/) | [MySQL](./mysql/risingTemperature/RisingTemperature.sql)|Easy|
|328|[Odd Even Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/odd-even-linked-list/) | [Java](./java/oddEvenLinkedList/OddEvenLinkedList.java)|Medium|
|918|[Maximum Sum Circular Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-sum-circular-subarray/) | [Java](./java/maximumSumCircularSubarray/MaximumSumCircularSubarray.java)|Medium|
|53|[Maximum Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/) | [Java](./java/maximumSubarray/MaximumSubarray.java)|Medium|
|197|[Rising Temperature](https://leetcode.com/problems/rising-temperature/) | [MySQL](./mysql/risingTemperature/RisingTemperature.sql)|Easy|
|607|[Sales Person](https://leetcode.com/problems/sales-person/) | [MySQL](./mysql/salesPerson/SalesPerson.sql)|Easy|
|45|[Jump Game II](https://leetcode.com/problems/jump-game-ii/) | [Java](./java/jumpGameIi/JumpGameIi.java)|Medium|
|55|[Jump Game](https://leetcode.com/problems/jump-game/) | [Java](./java/jumpGame/JumpGame.java)|Medium|
|234|[Palindrome Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/) | [Java](./java/palindromeLinkedList/PalindromeLinkedList.java)|Easy|
|19|[Remove Nth Node From End of List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/) | [Java](./java/removeNthNodeFromEndOfList/RemoveNthNodeFromEndOfList.java)|Medium|
|1148|[Article Views I](https://leetcode.com/problems/article-views-i/) | [MySQL](./mysql/articleViewsI/ArticleViewsI.sql)|Easy|
|1581|[Customer Who Visited but Did Not Make Any Transactions](https://leetcode.com/problems/customer-who-visited-but-did-not-make-any-transactions/) | [MySQL](./mysql/customerWhoVisitedButDidNotMakeAnyTransactions/CustomerWhoVisitedButDidNotMakeAnyTransactions.sql)|Easy|
|175|[Combine Two Tables](https://leetcode.com/problems/combine-two-tables/) | [MySQL](./mysql/combineTwoTables/CombineTwoTables.sql)|Easy|
|13|[Roman to Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/) | [Java](./java/romanToInteger/RomanToInteger.java)|Easy|
|9|[Palindrome Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/) | [Java](./java/palindromeNumber/PalindromeNumber.java)|Easy|
|43|[Multiply Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/multiply-strings/) | [Java](./java/multiplyStrings/MultiplyStrings.java)|Medium|
|14|[Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/) | [Java](./java/longestCommonPrefix/LongestCommonPrefix.java)|Easy|
|740|[Delete and Earn](https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-and-earn/) | [Java](./java/deleteAndEarn/DeleteAndEarn.java)|Medium|
|213|[House Robber II](https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber-ii/) | [Java](./java/houseRobberIi/HouseRobberIi.java)|Medium|
|198|[House Robber](https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber/) | [Java](./java/houseRobber/HouseRobber.java)|Medium|
|176|[Second Highest Salary](https://leetcode.com/problems/second-highest-salary/) | [MySQL](./mysql/secondHighestSalary/SecondHighestSalary.sql)|Medium|
|608|[Tree Node](https://leetcode.com/problems/tree-node/) | [MySQL](./mysql/treeNode/TreeNode.sql)|Medium|
|1706|[Where Will the Ball Fall](https://leetcode.com/problems/where-will-the-ball-fall/) | [C++](./c++/whereWillTheBallFall/WhereWillTheBallFall.cpp)|Medium|
|54|[Spiral Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix/) | [C++](./c++/spiralMatrix/SpiralMatrix.cpp)|Medium|
|202|[Happy Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/happy-number/) | [C++](./c++/happyNumber/HappyNumber.cpp)|Easy|
|746|[Min Cost Climbing Stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/min-cost-climbing-stairs/) | [C++](./c++/minCostClimbingStairs/MinCostClimbingStairs.cpp)|Easy|
|542|[01 Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/01-matrix/) | [Python](./python/01Matrix/01Matrix.py)|Medium|
|2420|[Find All Good Indices](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-good-indices/) | [Python](./python/findAllGoodIndices/FindAllGoodIndices.py)|Medium|
|1|[Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) | [Python](./python/twoSum/TwoSum.py)|Easy|
